Add Wayland touch input with two-finger stroke eraser (#4)
Treeniks/chameleos: README.md

```sh
chameleos &
```

> This will create a layer shell overlay over your entire current screen in which you can draw. There is currently no way to switch display after start. To toggle input, run `chamel toggle`, after which you can draw with the left mouse button or with a pen on a graphic tablet, or with one finger on a touchscreen (`wl_touch`); a second finger uses the same stroke eraser as the right mouse button. You can still use `chamel undo` / `chamel clear` from the compositor when you have no right button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a layer shell overlay over your entire current screen in which you can draw. There is currently no way to switch display after start. To toggle input, run `chamel toggle`, after which you can draw with the left mouse button, with a pen on a graphic tablet, or with one finger on a touchscreen.
```
Eraser is explained in another section, and I don't think a user would care that it uses `wl_touch` under the hood.

### Eraser

> The only eraser type currently supported is a stroke eraser. It is mapped to the right mouse button as well as pen button 1 for graphic tablets (Linux Artist Mode in [OpenTabletDriver](https://opentabletdriver.net/)), and a second touchscreen finger (`wl_touch`) while the first is drawing. Remapping this is currently not supported. To improve performance, `chameleos` may sometimes split lines into multiple segments if they get too long, in which case only one of these segments will get erased instead of the entire line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only eraser type currently supported is a stroke eraser. It is mapped to the right mouse button as well as pen button 1 for graphic tablets (Linux Artist Mode in [OpenTabletDriver](https://opentabletdriver.net/)). On a touchscreen, a second finger can be used as an eraser while the first is drawing. Remapping this is currently not supported. To improve performance, `chameleos` may sometimes split lines into multiple segments if they get too long, in which case only one of these segments will get erased instead of the entire line.
```
